Summary
Military Welfare Department- 550 who died during military service.B.J.P
Wife of Smt.Shamna.K-Yil in Land Revenue Department of Kannur District
Allowed for appointment to the existing post of Clerk -
The order is issued.

Military Welfare (a) Department

 

S.U.(No. [9/2022/Sy.Kshe.va Date, Thiruvananthapuram: 01.06.2022

Reference:- 1. Government Order No. S.U.(P)10/02/PO.B.V. dated 29.04.2002.
2, Government Order No. S.U.(Ki)No.12/2022/S.Ksheva No. dated 23.03.2022.
3, Kannur District Collector's 1.5.2022 m2) DCKNR/1612/2021-A2 MMe Bony.

order

Military as per Government order in reference 1
In operational area/ field area while in service
Operational due to High Altitude or Bad Weather
In the area//within the field area or in the nearest mine spot,
Killed / maimed by entrapment or road accident
or happen; A dependent of a missing jawan/
State Govt Service Class for Ashrita !! / [/ category depth

Eligible for employment assistance in grad.

2. According to it, 500.BJ.P. who died during military service
Employment in the post of Clerk in Kannur district for Mrs.Shamna.K's wife
Order under reference 2 authorizing grant of assistance
was confirmed. Vacancy report for clerk post in Kannur district

It was also ordered that the appointment order will be issued as soon as it is done.


2

3, Kannur district to provide employment assistance to Mrs. Shamna Kau
That there is a vacancy in the Land Revenue Department for the post of Clerk / VA

The District Collector has reported as per letter in reference 3.

4. In this case during military service on 5.10.2014
Mrs. Shamna.K, wife of Sep.nila.cl, who died in Jammu and Kashmir.
Parangotu Hayes, Malapattam.P.O., Malapattam Village, Thaliparam Taluk, Kannur
Reference to the District 1 Under the provisions of the Order, in the Land Revenue Department
Appointment to the existing post of Clerk / VA in Kannur District
An order is issued authorizing the grant. Thus appointed
The district collector has given steps to appoint Tian in the land revenue department

should be accepted.

5. Conditions attached to the said appointment

as applicable.

1. Appointment once accepted shall be final. Change of assignment
Not allowed.

2. The scheme is the same as for employees who are directly recruited
character certificate and others for those appointed under
Formalities apply.

3... to be produced on appointment under this scheme
Appointment if qualifications or assets are subsequently proved to be false
The order will stand cancelled.

4. District Collector has given appointment order to the applicant
Govt should be informed.


5. New passport attested by gazetted officers
Size photo Smt.Shamna.K before appointing authority
should be presented.

6. Within one week of the applicant entering duty, press information, Distt
The Collector shall inform the Govt.

7. Appointment to the provisions of the Kerala Subordinate Service Rules

Will follow.
(By order of the Governor)
R. Tara Devi
Additional Secretary
Copy-

1. Mrs. Shamna.K, Parangottu House, Malapattam.P.O., Malapattam Village, Thaliparam
Taluk, Kannur District-6570 631. (By Registered Post

with Aclolagent)

[P

, Commissioner of Land Revenue, Office of the Commissioner of Land Revenue,
Public Office Building, Thiruvananthapuram - 33.
3. District Collector, Kannur (Appendix of employment assistance application
(including copies of documents)
4. The Director, Military Welfare Department, Vikas Bhavan, Thiruvananthapuram
5. Principal Accountant General (Audit), Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram.
6. Accountant General(A & E), Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram.
7. Information Officer, Web & New Media, I & PRD

8 stock file.

According to the order,

Section Officer