E USS IMU PEL eee i oe UE De

 

Abstract

Higher Education - Compassionate Employment Scheme - Employment Assistance to
Smt. Swathy Sugathan, D/o Late Sugathan A.V., Trade Instructor Grade I, Government
Technical High School, Kurichy - Sanction accorded - Orders Issued

HIGHER EDUCATION (J) DEPARTMENT
G.O.(Rt)No.1561/2020/HEDN Dated,Thiruvananthapuram, | 7/12/2020

Read: 1. G.O.(P) No. 12/99/P&ARD dated 24.05.1999.

2. Application dated 15.01.2020 from Smt. Swathy Sugathan, D/o Late
Sugathan A.V., Trade Instructor Grade I, Government Technical High
School, Kurichy.

3. Letter No. EB2/2748/20/DTE dated 29.01.2020 and 23.11.2020 from the
Director of Technical Education, Thiruvananthapuraim.

4. Letter No. DCALP/2162/2020-A7 dated 21.07.2020 from the District
Collector, Alappuzha.

ORDER

 

Smt. Swathy Sugathan, (D/o Late Sugathan A.V., Trade Instructor Grade [,
Government Technical High School, Kurichy, who died on 06/08/2018 while in

service) in her application read as gnd paper above has requested for employment
assistance under Compassionate Employment Scheme for the post of Demonstrator in
Technical Education Department in Alappuzha District.

The Director of Technical Education as per letter read as 34 paper above has
recommended and forwarded the application submitted by Smt. Swathy Sugathan for
appointment under the Scheme. The DTE has reported that there 1s a vacancy existing
to the post of Workshop Instructor/Demonstrator/Instructor Grade II in Electronics
Engineering Department in Government Polytechnic College, Pala, Kottayam District
and the same will be kept aside for appointment under Compassionate Employment
Scheme.

The District Collector, Alappuzha as per the letter read as 4 th paper above has
verified and recommended the application of Smt. Swathy Sugathan.

The applicant born on 12.06.2000 has completed 20 years of age. She has
passed SSLC and Diploma in Electronics Engineering. The eligibility of Smt. Swathy
Sugathan for being appointed under Compassionate Employment Scheme has been
verified by Government in the light of reports of Director of Technical Education and
that of the District Collector, Alappuzha.
PC INV. CUI eCULUNAI iLeviw

In the above circumstances, sanction is accorded for the appointment of Smt.
Swathy Sugathan, Ayyamparambil House, Punnapra P.O. Alappuzha - 688004 (D/o Late
Sugathan A.V., Trade Instructor Grade I, Government Technical High School, Kurichy)
as Workshop Instructor/Demonstrator/Instructor Grade II in Electronics Engineering
Department in Government Polytechnic College, Pala, Kottayam District in the
existing / arising vacancy under the Compassionate Employment Scheme in terms of
the Government Order read above, and also subject to the verification of original
details of age, Educational qualifications, character, antecedents and medical fitness of
the applicant by the appointing authority.

The Director of Technical Education will issue formal orders of appointment
to the applicant according to her seniority which will be determined based on the valid
application put by her. The Director of Technical Education will make necessary
entries in the Service Book of the deceased employee and in the establishment register
regarding the grant of employment assistance to the dependent as specified in para 42
of the Government Order read above.

The employment assistance given as ordered under the Compassionate
Employment Scheme will be cancelled if and when it is found that there was any
misrepresentation or suppression of material facts on the part of the applicant at the
time of submitting her application or during the course of enquiry conducted by the
Department, vide para 40 of the Government Order read above.

(By order of the Governor)
C AJAYAN
ADDITIONAL SECRETARY

To:
The Director of Technical Education, Thiruvananthapuram.
Smt. Swathy Sugathan, Ayyamparambil House, Punnapra P.O. Alappuzha - 688004
The District Collector, Alappuzha
The Principal Accountant General (A&E/Audit), Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala
General Administration (Compassionate Employment Cell) Department

the Information Officer, Web & New Media, I&PRD
www.highereducation.kerala.gov.in
Stock File/Office Copy

Forwarded /By order

Leta

Section Officer

 
